A bunch of little updates & additions. (#9)
CirclePeople/osu-list: README.md

| ----------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [osu!](https://osu.ppy.sh)                            | The official website for the rhythm game osu!.                                                       |
| [osu!lazer](https://github.com/ppy/osu)               | osu!lazer source code, the next generation client for osu!                                           |

> | [osu!stream](https://osustream.com/)                  | A very early adaptation of osu! for mobile devices, not maintained.                                  |

Reviewer: Maybe
```suggestion
| [osu!stream](https://osustream.com/)                  | An official port of osu! on iOS and Android devices from a past era.                                  |
```

Author: > Maybe

Maybe.

Author: I got the description from the official wikipedia post about osu!

Reviewer: I'm more happy with the edit, seems more natural 🤷

| [MissAnalyzer](https://top.gg/bot/752035690237394944) | osu! bot for replay analysis                                          |
| [Yuna](https://top.gg/bot/832597585923014676)         | osu! replay recording bot                                             |
| [Shisha](https://shisha.mezo.xyz/)                    | osu! replay recording bot approved by the creator of [danser][danser] |
| [Sombrax79](https://ost.sombrax79.org/commands)       | Bot for stamina training recommendations                              |

> ### In-Game chatbots

Reviewer: Not sure why this was changed

Author: > Not sure why this was changed

Made another heading as title, thought I should also change the sub headings, idk..

Reviewer: I think it was fine as is

![wip](https://img.shields.io/badge/note-Work%20in%20progress-yellow)

| URL                                   | Description                               |
| ------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------- |
| [osuskinner](https://osuskinner.com/) | Online tool for skin mixing and creation. |

### Skin listing

> ![wip](https://img.shields.io/badge/note-Work%20in%20progress-yellow)

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

| Library                                                           | Language   | Description/Notes                                                                     |
| ----------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [aiosu](https://github.com/niceaesth/aiosu)                       | python     | Async Python library for everything osu! related                                      |
| [ossapi](https://github.com/circleguard/ossapi)                   | python     | A definitive python wrapper for the osu! api.                                         |
| [osu-api-extended](https://github.com/cyperdark/osu-api-extended) | typescript | Package for advanced work with "osu" api                                              |

> | [rosu](https://github.com/MaxOhn/rosu)                            | rust       | A rust wrapper for osu!apiv1.                                                         |

Reviewer: Would it be confusing to combine rosu and v2 into one column somehow? Thoughts?

Author: > Would it be confusing to combine rosu and v2 into one column somehow? Thoughts?

I don't think it'll be confusing, but how do you do that? Without changing the whole aspect of the specific list.

> | [rosu](https://github.com/MaxOhn/rosu)                            | rust       | A rust wrapper for osu!apiv1.                                                         |

Reviewer: I was thinking something like this:
```suggestion
| [rosu](https://github.com/MaxOhn/rosu) ([api v2](https://github.com/MaxOhn/rosu-v2))                              | rust       | A rust wrapper for osu!api v1/v2.                                                         |
```

Author: fixed in https://github.com/CirclePeople/osu-list/pull/9/commits/190e462c1c81909c4e5e99a0a1f153d037c4eb4b
